Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
It's a shame.
Work
Tanner?
Can you hear me?
I'm Darren.
I'm separated from the others and I seem
to be okay. but I'm not sure where I am.
I've never been
this far before. so...
There was this thing...
I couldn't take a good look.
but there was something.
There was something else here.
You have to come. guys.
Okay. you need to find me. please.
Fuck. you need to
go out and find me.
Can you come please. Tanner?
Tanner?
Damn.
Fuck. fuck!
BACK ROOMS
We all have our own cycles.
habits. behaviors; us constantly
these are behaviors that lead to the same solutions.
which we think will lead to a new place each time.
But they don't take it...
And yet. the most vulnerable
neural pathway is the one you create.
He was the one who
kept you safe as a child.
You've learned to push people
away before they can hurt you.
And now as an adult you're
still stuck where you started.
Only.
I mean. I'm not alone.
I have employees and customers.
I didn't say all alone.
I said alone.
I hurt people...
I don't want to but
that's how it's done.
Maybe I deserve to be alone.
Do you think anyone
deserves to be alone?
I don't know. but maybe
it's not such a bad thing.
Being alone is a
deeply ingrained feeling.
I understand.
You had dreams and you encountered resistance and
not much support on the way to achieving them.
And as we experience
hurt. we begin to expect it.
It's like. ah. "I know this way."
I know where you're going.
So are you interested in forging a
new path and seeing where it leads?
Certainly.
Why not? So here I am.
Great.
So I want to review an
exercise we did before.
Role play.
Is it an acting thing?
Yes.
I feel like a fool.
I know.
But we have a few minutes.
Come on. let's try it.
A particle.
Ok.
Let's go on stage.
Let's go back to the
night Barbara left you.
You mean the night he kicked
me out of my own house?
Yes.
I'm playing myself.
And I will be Barbara.
This is my house. by the way.
I'm the one paying the price.
I know.
Ok.
So I came home late.
I don't know how late.
He was already sleeping.
Maybe midnight.
Usually goes to bed earlier.
It's not important.
The thing is. I was in the
kitchen and the glass...
I broke the glass and he came running down
to see what happened and things escalated.
So how do you feel?
Actually. uh... I was drunk.
And I felt like a fool.
I was angry.
Because I broke the glass.
Can you tell me?
What. to Barbara?
Yes.
I'm sorry I woke you up.
Maybe if you had come home earlier.
we could have spent the evening together.
I was working.
I came straight home after work.
Please be honest with me.
I can smell your breath.
I drank a few beers.
Describe a few.
It was a difficult day.
I needed to calm down.
All you do is relax.
You are always in the store.
You want children. right?
We both do.
You know. having a family requires
money. which means someone has to work.
Unless being a professional
student is considered a job these days.
This isn't fair.
You know I need permission.
It's not my fault if
you can't keep up.
How will you become a lawyer
if you can't finish law school?
Who do you think is paying for everything while you're
walking around campus like a 30-year-old freshman?
Let me give you a hint.
I'm paying
I pay for school.
I pay for time outside of school.
I'm paying for this house.
Can I talk?
No. no.
Because I want to know what you think
will happen if you manage to graduate.
You will give birth to a
child and it will cost me.
Or will I change diapers at home because you'll
be working for the first time in your life?
You are being cruel.
I'm being honest.
I thought this was what you wanted.
Just because you couldn't
become an architect...
I'm a fucking architect!
Damn it. I have to sell the shitty furniture because
no one will get off their fat ass to help me!
How are you feeling. Clark?
Who am I talking to?
Me. here.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get angry or...
I know.
That's the point of the whole exercise...
This is a good start.
To feel what you feel and
learn to set a new path.
Your reaction was actually quite normal.
Oh. that's who I am.
Hello. KTs!
Tired of spending your hard-earned
money on overpriced furniture?
Are you looking for deals
that will give you goosebumps?
Then come to Captain Clark's Ottoman Empire. the
Santa Clara Valley's favorite warehouse and showroom.
You'll find bedrooms. living rooms. dining
rooms. studies. and bathrooms galore.
First time homeowners?
We caught you.
New parents looking for Billy's first crib?
From the latest modern designs to classic styles of
the past. they're all here and they're all respectable.
What's up. Billy?
Worried about credit?
Captain Clark says no credit. no problem.
Sail the high seas in high quality and
leave your money problems at the door.
Come in today and get your dream sectional.
kitchen table. floor lamp and headboard here.
Captain Clark's is at the Ottoman Empire.
at Capital and McKee. just off 6th Avenue.
Come now. get in and
enjoy your own empire.
Because every sultan deserves a throne. and Captain Clark.
we have a throne in the Ottoman Empire with your name on it.
No more.
Clark. are you okay?
Turn off the camera.
No. no. this is good.
It's a matter of exit. my friend.
Turn off the damn camera. man.
Ok.
Do you need help?
Oh. I got it. I got it..
Are we buying again?
No.
Kat. you can open the store now.
We were open.
You know. man. I still don't understand.
Are you a pirate or a sultan?
- Try to detect...
- Shut up.
This is cheap chipboard nonsense.
Clean this up. will you?
Hold this.
I'm sorry about that.
What does it look like?
The meter reads fine.
If your bill is high.
it's because of you.
What about blackouts?
It happens after work.
I don't know.
The fluorescents must
be tripping a breaker.
When the store closes. I turn off the
overhead before the electricity gets weird.
Anyway. wouldn't that
cause the bills to go down?
Where is the fuse box?
I'm no expert but I looked before
and everything seemed fine.
You said the lights were flickering.
Yes. the whole store is like that.
Unless it's at the same time. one night the
electricity goes out upstairs. the next night...
Who built this thing?
This is how the building came to us.
So it's old but not that old.
Take a look at this.
I've never seen it before...
As I said. I'm not an expert.
Why is it going this way?
A better question is.
what does this relate to?
Ha?
Floor!
How's the electricity?
Has anything changed there?
Security is back.
Power is on.
Yes. I thought we canceled security.
We canceled it.
So is this the problem?
You'll see how it is.
Power can't even pass
through this part of the circuit.
He's standing there like
some idiot stuck him there.
Yes.
Have you ever felt like you were living behind glass.
watching life go by but never stepping inside it?
Maybe it's time to
open the window.
You can design your own because we all
deserve a chance to make our dreams come true.
The moment you believe change
is possible. you've already started.
Dr. Order Mary Klein's The Window Within and its
companion three-part audio program. Guided Openings.
In stock now for $24.95 plus
shipping; To order. call 555-0199.
It's never too late
to chart a new path.
So. you're still drafting paper folders. this label tape. and a
bunch of filing cabinets. if someone with a spare key can open them.
A little sound is not an asteroid. it's
a spaceship. and it's coming after us.
It's getting closer.
It is impossible to break apart.
They couldn't have noticed us.
Our radar shield is open.
I know that. sir. but
they're looking at us.
It is impossible for Earth to
penetrate our radar shield.
Piece of shit.
Why did you do this to yourself?
How did you get here?
Your consciousness is a room
full of ever-evolving memories.
But as you progress in life. your
uneducated mind may start to build walls.
He puts up barriers to protect
himself from the outside world.
This is a natural reaction and
often something we are not aware of.
But if left unchecked. it
can make you feel trapped.
That the outside world is better off without you.
that you never deserve the relationships you have...
you can be convinced. you can stop watching the
course of your life just from behind a window.
Since the window is not locked.
I can help you open it now.
The window latch never broke.
Are you ready to take steps to take
back what once belonged to you?
And to take back control of the life you want
to live. free from the traumas of the past.
Are you free to choose your own
path. free from self-created limitations?
I hate cowboys and cowgirls
who will give you a rough look...
Imposter.
Making money by selling your belongings will not
make you feel like you just entered the house.
So don't even think
about doing anything funny.
This way... Just knock on the door.
Damn asshole!
Translated into Turkish; ufukbaba
We. the people of
these lands. salute you.
What the fuck is this?
Greetings to everyone.
Hello.
How are you?
Greetings to everyone.
Welcome to our academy.
Thank you.
Bye.
Is anyone there?
Hello?
Fuck.
Sorry I'm late.
Traffic was terrible.
I couldn't leave early.
Let's use the time we have.
How are you today. Clark?
How do I look?
Good morning my baby.
Maybe a little tired.
I look like shit.
May I ask and there is
no wrong answer here.
You know this.
Are you drunk right now?
Why do you say that?
Like what?
I haven't had a drink since Friday.
Maybe that's why I'm like shit.
Can I ask something?
Certainly.
Have you ever done 51-50 on someone?
Several times.
Over the years.
When necessary.
What makes this necessary?
If I believe the person is a
danger to himself or others.
Or they are disabled by greed.
Ok.
I found something in the store.
What did you find?
A place.
I...
I found a place.
A place?
It's like...
It looks like a store.
Just...
I think it's ongoing.
You know. it's like there's a wall and the
store continues on the other side of the wall.
It's like a copy of itself.
I think they used a mirror or
something to hide the entrance.
I'm sorry. I can't understand.
Is this a room you
haven't seen before?
No.
Okay. so you walk in and at first
it just looks like an office building.
It's like a huge office building.
But then you move on and
realize nothing makes any sense
It's like...
Imagine describing a dog to someone you've
never met and asking them to draw it.
He can do some things right. but
there's no way he can do everything right.
You know. the devil is in the details.
So when you look from a distance you think
you see a dog. but then you look closer.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I'm just trying to understand.
Ah.
You have a terrible poker
face for a psychiatrist.
What you say may sound
fantastic. but it is not dangerous.
Is there anyone in these offices?
As far as I can see. there isn't.
No. I hear footsteps and everything
moves when I'm not looking.
I know how it sounds. but you
have to understand that place is huge.
It's huge. like the New York subway system.
As far as I know. there
are hundreds of people.
I just didn't see them.
Have you seen?
It's like...
It's like a labyrinth
that goes on and on.
Sometimes I'm afraid I'll get lost.
Why do you think no one
else can find this place?
I don't know.
Since the entrance is on the lower level.
the entire structure is probably underground.
It's not on any city maps.
The entrances are hidden.
so who would think of looking?
I'm not saying I don't believe you. but you told me
yourself that you haven't had a drink since Friday.
Do you think there's a... Clark?
- If this is true...
- I needed to consult you.
I'll come back here with evidence.
and you'll owe me a serious apology.
Floor!
God. man.
Wait. I'm coming.
Hey.
Kevin Clark?
Wait. wait. wait.
Floor?
I am coming.
Floor!
OK I'm coming.
What the hell is going on?
Yes. I'm sorry.
What are you doing tomorrow?
What are you talking about?
I will pay money.
Two hours.
Overtime..
What will you pay for?
Research.
You have a camera. right?
You can borrow again.
Is it ok?
Ok.
Here we go..
We have something here.
We have some stop signs and a rope.
What is the rope for?
Supply.
Oh Great.
It will connect us.
No.
We will tie ourselves.
Kinky.
You still haven't told us
what we're doing here. buddy.
I told you.
Research.
These are materials and
we use them for research.
This is not that difficult to understand.
OK. research for what?
You should be more specific.
I will go through the door.
Which door?
This is the door.
I also drew a sketch on the other
side to help us find our way back.
Bobby?
What?
Look. I know it sounds
crazy. but follow me.
Is it ok?
I want to be back before sunrise.
Look. around 21:00 in the
evening. we... What the fuck is this?
Clark. how did you... Did
you see what just happened?
- How is he...
- I'm here.
Let yourself go.
You just... What?
How... Bobby. wait.
What the hell is going on?
Clark. where are you?
Did you see this?
Where did AQ go?
Bobby. I saw it.
Go through the door.
No problem.
What?
No.
Tell us what's going on.
Do you know?
Just... No. Bobby. wait.
What are you doing?
What the hell is going on AQ?
Damn.
How is this possible?
Bobby?
Where are you?
No. no. it's okay.
You should come and see this.
I mean... See. it's okay.
Where are we?
I'm trying to figure this out too.
Whose... Whose shit is this?
Is it part of your store?
If it belongs to someone.
I haven't met them yet.
Ok.
It's only been a few nights since I found this
place and I've barely been able to sketch it.
Come on.
Let me show you.
It's getting better.
What the fuck?
You don't think you're going
to toast us or anything. do you?
No. we are not under
the influence of drugs.
I can tell if I'm high or not.
You're high.
Don't count out Aquarius.
So. hmmm. it's like... What.
there's an empty office building here?
Certainly.
But it looks like it was built by a
bunch of stoned construction workers.
There's even a pool.
Is there a pool?
Yes.
So in a way.
Let's continue.
Damn it.
What's happening?
Yeah. I don't know.
I was like this last year.
And I'm studying for an exam.
The only thing I've found so
far that comes to mind is... This...
This... This is something.
We will be back.
Ok.
Okay. are you filming?
Yes.
I don't understand
why Bobby has to go.
Well. he's the one using the camera.
But it's not stuck to him.
Yes. that is according
to my student ID.
If there is any problem. just cut it off..
I'll take it. okay?
There will be no problems.
This is good.
I am good.
Baby. you don't have to.
No. it's beautiful.
I want to see what's down there.
Don't you wonder?
This is so stupid!
Go as far as you can.
Look. you can actually
go down without a rope.
No problem.
It's not even upright.
Ok.
OK. just one thing.
If I don't come back. you'll
tell my mom I love her. right?
Ok.
I'll take it slow.
Ah. it's actually a bit steep.
Are you ok?
Yes.
Just try not to drop me.
Say whatever you need.
Wow.
Be careful!
What...
What the hell are you doing there?
I am sad.
Stuck in the leg of the bed..
Are you okay?
Yes.
Yes. I'm fine.
God. damn God.
Continue downloading.
Ok.
Here we go.
I landed.
Do you see anything?
Yeah. just...
a load of laundry or something.
What do you want to say?
Clothes?
Yeah. it's just fucking stains here.
Did you see anything else?
Yes. give me a minute.
Ok.
My god.
Bobby?
Yes?
Just checking.
Yes. I'm fine.
Ok.
Yes.
Bobby?
My god.
I don't like this.
Hey. loosen the rope a bit.
I can't do it.
That's all.
Pull me up
Pull me.
Pull harder.
Czech. my friend.
- There is someone downstairs.
- Slow down.
Breathe.
Ok.
Man. I saw it AQ.
I'm holding on...
What the hell are you doing?
What the fuck is this?
What's happening?
Release.
Don't let go...
Don't let go.
Untie the rope..
Untie the rope.
Bobby!
NO!
Ah!
Hello?
Hello!
Stand back!
Stay away from me!
God!
Please let me in!
Help me.
Oh my God... Where are you?
We have to go down. Clark.
We must go.
Please come back and try to find me.
Oh. I don't understand. where are you?
Please. let me in AQ...
There's a wall. how do you see me?
I'm on the other side of the glass.
How can you not see me?
Which glass?
What are you talking about?
Look. can you see anything next to you?
Can you see a handle.
a door. a lid. anything?
No. no. no.
Okay. let me figure this out. okay?
Just wait. wait. okay?
Let me... Wait a minute.
let me figure this out!
Let me figure this out!
Where are you. where
are you. where are you?
Mary!
Mary... What were you thinking?
I said you could
never. ever go out.
This is not good at all.
They are everywhere.
Hello. Dr. You have reached Larry Klein.
I can't answer the call. so please leave a message;
I will get back to you as soon as possible.
Mary...
I opened the window.
I won't come back.
According to the rule of a fertile
land. light offers some opportunities...
Hello?
Clark?
Clark. can you hear me?
Where are we?
It was amazing every time.
How long have you been here?
What was that?
Calm down.
It's just me.
You know me.
I am sad.
This is for your own good.
As we progress through life. the untrained
mind accumulates loops. habits. behaviors.
They keep dragging you in
circles. creating the same problems.
Reaching the same
solutions over and over again.
However. this is the
weakest neural pathway.
What I do is what kept
me safe in my childhood.
I learned to push people
away before they could hurt me.
And now as an adult I'm
still stuck where I started.
Only.
What's this?
A real mess.
Am I right?
Let me help you.
Before you do something
you can't take back.
Answer the question.
Yep. this is a real mess.
But it's also beautiful in a way.
Isn't it?
Who are these people?
The people who built this place...
Actually. it's more like
they remind me of them.
The less it reminds. the
less it is remembered.
There's a man in a striped shirt
out there somewhere. but here he...
is remembered.
Just a little wrong.
Somewhere outside there is a
man in a wheelchair and a lamp.
I'm sure you understand
all of this this way.
All these places. rooms and
buildings misremember themselves.
Clark. let's talk about this.
In some ways they are more
advanced than the originals.
First of all. they can't feel anything.
Can you imagine
how good that feels?
So no thoughts. no
pain. no ego. no fear.
They simply exist.
Like furniture.
Look at this.
The best part.
You can eat them.
This is my assistant manager.
I was trying to help him but he...
Clark. if you untie me.
we can talk about this.
We make you feel good.
What if I had figured you out?
What would you do then?
You would run around like a chicken with
its head cut off. looking for a way out.
You would end up where you are now.
It's like the road thing
you always talk about.
Clark. I just want to help you.
Tell me what you need.
I do.
Really?
Yes please.
Ok.
I want you to tell me I
didn't do anything wrong.
That you were wrong about me.
I was wrong about you.
I was wrong.
Not so.
Not that fast.
Is it ok?
First I want to set the stage.
Let's start... The night I got
kicked out of my own house.
Yes.
It was late.
Much darker.
Lights please.
I've tried this exercise with him before.
It's of no use.
Ok.
I'll do it myself.
After all. it's still my home.
Yes.
Thank you.
Better.
But...
still... something is wrong.
Please.
Here..
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry... I broke the
glass... and woke you up.
I know how much you like to sleep early.
I guess I lost track of time.
I was checking inventory.
But I stopped for a few beers.
Clark.
Barbara!
I was checking inventory.
Then I stopped for a few beers.
If I need you.
As much as I want.
Because this is my home.
I'm paying for it.
I pay for everything.
I'm paying for you to go to school.
I pay for time outside of school.
I pay for the house.
You want children. right?
This also requires money.
So someone has to work.
I said someone needs to get off
their fat ass and work around here.
Just because you couldn't
become an architect...
I'm a fucking architect.
I'm selling this piece of shit furniture because
someone won't get off their fat ass and help me.
I'm not your wife.
Annoying!
I've never even met him.
Fuck you!
What did you say?
Do you want to know the real
reason why your wife left you?
Drinking wasn't the problem.
Or stumbling home.
Or anger.
The point was that you whined all the time.
Nothing's your fault. right?
Are you drinking too much?
Blame your job.
Do you hate your job?
Blame the world.
Have you been kicked out of the house?
Blame your wife.
Did you attack me and tie me up?
Blame your brain.
You're your own fucking brain. bitch!
Are you saying it's my fault?
Yes!
But it's in your nature. isn't it?
Isn't it?
How can I stop doing this?
Honestly. I have no idea. AQ.
I can't help you. Clark.
No matter how hard I try.
It's not up to me.
I can't save anyone.
I don't think I want to change.
You don't want it.
I love this place.
For the first time in a long
time. I feel like I should be...
I feel it on the ground.
Then stay...
stay wherever you are.
But let me go
I am sad.
Why?
Turkish subtitles; ufukbaba
What are you doing here?
This is Mary.
He is our therapist.
He was just leaving.
You don't need to worry.
He says we don't need to change.
No problem.
This is in our nature.
NO!!!!
University is a place
where we are free.
We can visit anywhere freely.
We are a free country.
There are no restrictions for everyone.
We are free.
And we believe that our freedom
is the most important thing.
We are free.
- Are you ok?
Look at this?
What happened? Do we
have to quarantine him?
Analysis has begun. all vital signs appear
normal. no further tests to be performed.
Hello from the children of planet Earth.
Hello. my name is Phil.
And you are Mary.
right?
I was hoping to ask you a
few questions to clarify things.
İf that's okay.
First of all. can you tell
us how you got here?
I walked through a wall in the
basement of a furniture store.
Can you confirm that this
is the location in question?
OK. nice.
So you were shopping. or?
I was looking for someone.
Were you looking for this man?
Here?
Where am I now?
Can you confirm for me. is
this the man you are looking for?
Please.
Sorry. what was your name?
Phil.
Please Phil. where am I?
I'm not...
sorry. our company.
We are making MRI machines. or let me put
it this way. we were making MRI machines.
But not anymore.
- This was before we... we found...
- Have you been there?
Yes. I have. and now it's my job.
I go there every day and
try to learn a little more.
I map out as many territories as I can. and more
and more I believe that nothing in our lifetime is
Mary. in recorded history.
perhaps there is nothing
that I cannot understand.
I can't even describe it.
This is like describing a dog to someone who
has never seen one and asking them to try it.
Now you ask me to describe
it. then you write it. then what?
Mary.
Will you let me go?
We all want the same thing.
We want..
We just want to
know a little more.
What will happen to me. Phil?
This decision is not up to me.
So if you and I could talk
like two normal people.
we can open some of them.
We've both been there
and are at the same point.
There are doors opening everywhere.
We don't know why
or what connects them.
These things keep happening
and we don't want to stop them.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org